Lao Han was killed by you
Making such a fuss over a woman
Shouldn't you be still?
No city and hard work
Even if he is the little master
He is also muddy and can't support the wall.
Then you always won the cooperation on the Kyushu Sea, right?
I went to Kyushu Business Alliance myself
Secretary Fang Zhirou personally gave me the contract
Master Su, did you hear that?
Even if the president of the Kyushu Business Alliance is your father
I also won this contract, right?
Offshore power generation is a major project
It was promised to the Yan family by our young master himself
And Yechen you guy
overreach
But delusional to go with our young master
Look at Han Sanqian to negotiate the project
Let's make good use of it
It's your own intention.
It's still Young Master Su's
Of course it belongs to our young master
This son was born noble
But no food pride
Instead of being modest and low-key
It's sophisticated, it's ambitious, it's calculated.
Is he really the little master?